Improve the 1Password account request guidance document (#75)
helpfulengineering/devops: documentation/guidance/credential-sharing.md

:warning: Credentials should **never** be shared outside the password manager: please **do not** send passwords in plaintext by any other means.

## Getting an account

1. Make a request from the Slack shortcut menu (:zap: on the bottom-left corner) and specify which vaults and secrets you're going to use. If you already have a personal account, you can use the same address for both. 

    ![:zap: shortcut menu](/images/1password-account-request.png)    

> 2. Your request will be manually triaged and approved by an authorized administrator from [#skill-software-devops](https://helpfulengineering.slack.com/archives/CV54M16QH). Please note that this process is not instantaneous and depends on timezones and human availability.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Your request will be manually triaged and approved by an authorized administrator from [#skill-software-devops](https://helpfulengineering.slack.com/archives/CV54M16QH).

    Please note that this process is not instantaneous: it may take up to 24 hours because of timezone differences and other human factors. Duplicate requests and at-mentioning people in Slack will not elicit a faster approval, though you can expedite the process by bringing the pertaining authorizations in advance to [#skill-software-devops](https://helpfulengineering.slack.com/archives/CV54M16QH).
```

Sorry for the late reply. It looks like I was editing it on a browser tab that got lost a few hours ago. I've updated it to include your suggestions, though wording might need clarity and style improvements.
